
<img src="/static/images/anu-panorama-small.jpg" style="width:100%;">

_ACMC2020 is hosted by the Australian National University, Canberra, on
Ngunnawal and Ngambri country._

The conference is hosted by the [ANU School of
Music](https://music.cass.anu.edu.au) and [Research School of Computer
Science](https://cs.anu.edu.au), [College of Engineering and Computer
Science](https://cecs.anu.edu.au). Fun fact: ACMC was [last hosted in
Canberra](http://computermusic.org.au/conferences/acmc2010/) in 2010!

The conference [schedule](/calendar.html) is on this website, along with all
[program notes and presenter/artist bios](/papers.html).

## How to watch & engage with ACMC2020

Conference Performances and Presentations will occur on the [ACMC Youtube
channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCKK95K68yVuok-qWNS4Z6Jw). Each paper
session and performance will be
["premiered"](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/9080341?hl=en) live at the
scheduled time, and will be viewable afterwards like a normal YouTube video.

However, despite being online only, ACMC2020 isn't a _read-only_ event---we want
to hear from you. Q&A sessions and discussion will happen in the [ACMC Discord
channel](https://discord.gg/jCXGSHE). So to participate fully, you should watch
the YouTube stream in one browser tab, but have the ACMC Discord open in another
tab to read & participate in the discussion. The keynote speakers will even use
Discord to take audience questions at the end of their
presentations/performances.

**Note**: if you've never used Discord before you could log in ahead of the
session you're planning to watch, just to get a feel for how it works (it's
mostly just text chat, but with a separate channel dedicated to each ACMC
session).

You are also welcome to engage on Twitter or Facebook, as well as the ACMA
mailing list with comments or questions for the participants.

And remember, ACMC2020 is all completely free & open, right here on the web.

## The daily rhythm of ACMC

Apart from the opening & closing keynotes on Friday July 3 and Friday July 10,
each day of the main "ACMC week" (Monday July 6 - Friday July 10) has a familiar
rhythm:

- we'll release the "listening room" (audio-only) works in the morning at 8am
  (there's no planned Discord chat session for the listening room, so if you
  want to have a sleep in you won't miss anything)

- from 2pm-3:30pm there will be a video stream of paper presentations, with live
  chat & question time on Discord

- at 8pm, there's an evening concert stream (audiovisual works), again with live
  chat & question time on Discord
  
There are also a few **ACMC Live** events scattered throughout the
[program](/calendar.html), which *aren't* pre-recorded, and in some case require
audience interaction (still online). So make sure you check those out as well.

Finally, there will be daily email updates to the [ACMA Mailing
List](http://computermusic.org.au/acma-list/), on
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/acma89), and on
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/acma89) about what events will occur during
the day.

So check the [schedule](/calendar.html), put some things in your diary, and jump
online at the appropriate time to enjoy & make the most of ACMC2020.
